Just like before, we'll grab the definition of
the contracts were testing from truffles artifact object.
Just like before, we'll use the contract cured for
our tests and passing the ten test accounts for us to use.
The first out of the ten test accounts is the default account that will be
used when no accounts is passed in to make a call to a smart contract.
It's usually good to avoid using them for tests
as it's passed in to certain calls without you realizing it.
We'll use the subsequent test accounts to define
to users and an operator that we'll use later.
Since everything to do with the blockchain is in asynchronous action,
we'll need to initialize our global contract variable for testing in
an asynchronous before each function using the keyword "await."
Let us group the test we'll write to test creating and token in the describe block.
We'll try and create a token of Id1.
So, to be organized,
let's make a variable for that.
For this group of tests,
the first thing we'll do is mint the token of Id1 to user1.
So, we can put that action and beforeEach function.
Next, we can test that user1 is indeed the owner of Id1 using the owner of method.
Similarly, we can test that the balance of user one also increased by one.
Note that the variable we got back from
the balanceOf method is a JavaScript representation of IQN-256,
and is therefore represented as a big inch JavaScript object.
In order for us to compare it to a JavaScript number,
we'll have to call the two number method on it.
Lastly, we'll want to test that the transfer event did indeed get emitted.
To do that, we'll captured the transaction receipt beget when calling the mint function.
And then it's gets stored as logs.
So, we can get the transfer event from looking
at the first law of the transaction receipt.
Let's compare that the event name matches what we expect, transfer.
We are ready to run our tests.
Go back to the terminal and navigate to our working directory for smart contracts.
Run the command "truffle test" followed by the test file.
Let's see if our test pass.
They do. Great. Let's keep going.